Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on From...
Miranda painted things she saw here.
One of those paintings was of
a man in a yellow suit.
I thought he was just like us.
But he wasn't like us.
When I found Mom out by
the Bottle Tree. I saw him.
He was eating her.
Have you ever wondered if maybe
this is all just a dream?
That thing I carried
inside me... I still feel it.
Like we're connected.
Part of me feels what he feels.
There's something about those dolls.
I think I've seen them before.
I remembered.
I remembered how to hurt them.
This is where the children
were sacrificed.
Tell me how we save them when
we've already failed!
You want me to help plan a
suicide mission because
you think the bones of those
children are buried down there!
Yes! There was a hidden door.
Do remember seeing any doors in
the basement of Colony House?
You want me to go down
in those tunnels!
Then show me the fucking door!
- Holy shit.
- We're gonna need a plan.
- Any luck?
- Not yet.
I'm gonna break it down.
No. You know what?
If it's sealed. that's probably for the best.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Just in case.
Our lives are fuckin' weird. man.
Yeah. they are.
Nothing?
He's not upstairs.
Could be that he.
Never mind.
Evening.
- He's drunk.
- Yup.
You really think now is the best time to
I don't have a choice.
Well. do you want me to come with you?
No. I got it.
Henry.
What can I do you for?
Hey. do you. mind comin'
upstairs and having a word?
What's wrong?
Nothing. nothing.
Is Victor okay?
Victor's fine. Look. I just.
There's something
I need to tell everyone.
But it's something that I think
you and Victor need to hear first.
So. I just wanna talk to
the two of you; That's all.
All right.
- Whoa. whoa!
- No. I'm fine!
You sure?
I need to say it again?
Are those Dad's shirts?
Yeah.
Sometimes I like to look at his stuff too.
Julie's home.
Okay.
Let's go talk. okay?
Giant dolls?
Mom was the one who killed it.
She stabbed it with a voodoo totem.
And how did you know that would work?
Well. I...
I remembered.
Remembered what?
There's something
I need to tell you both.
And it's something
that's been very hard for me to...
to understand.
To believe.
Mom. whatever it is. just just say it.
I've been here before.
Many. many times.
All the way back to the beginning.
The last time I was here. I was Miranda.
I was Victor's mother.
Are you insane?
Henry
I'm not listening to this.
Do you have any idea what you
just how dare you?
How.
Maybe you should just sit down.
Don't!
You don't tell me what to do!
You come in here
and you say those things?
That my wife no.
Victor. let's go.
You don't have to listen to this.
It's okay. Dad.
It's okay? It's not okay!
All right. why don't we all.
No!
No more.
Victor. do you understand
everything I said?
No one's claiming that Tabitha is
when I said she was here before.
that she was your mother.
you have to understand.
Please stop. I don't want you
to talk anymore.
Okay.
I...
I guess I'll.
We need to find out about
the man in yellow.
What does this have to do with
the man in yellow?
Everything. If he's back
it could all be happening again.
If you and Tabitha were here
before. does that mean
were we all here before?
No.
I don't think so.
Then what the fuck
are we all doing here?
These. these children that were
sacrificed...
they have been crying out
to Tabitha and me for help.
for all these years.
and that cry. I think on some level.
maybe you heard it too.
Can we just pause for a second
and talk about the fact
that this is all coming out of
a mushroom trip?
I mean. how is this different
than any of the insane theories
people have had about this place?
Because of the door in the basement.
The door behind the wall.
Look. Kristi. I was the first
person to call bullshit
on all of this. okay. but the truth is.
Jade saw something in that trip
he couldn't have possibly known.
But how do we know this isn't just...
I mean. this place puts a lot
of weird shit in our heads.
I know.
Believe me. I've thought of that too.
So. how is this any different?
Because of what they did to Jim.
"Knowledge comes at a cost."
It's possible that Jim died
because of what Tabitha
and Jade remembered.
Look. that message was meant
to scare us.
But I think the message tells
us something else.
That we are close.
For the first time. we are close
to figuring this place out.
When your enemy threatens you. right.
tries to scare you.
that means they are scared of you.
And you think this place is scared of us
digging up the bones of these children.
because that could be
what gets us home?
Yes.
I guess you told them.
Henry.
It is it isn't true.
Whatever whatever
he said about my wife.
about Tabitha. about him.
it isn't true!
What you are doing...
Okay.
It isn't right.
I got it.
Henry. wait.
Miranda was right!
You! Don't you say her name!
Listen to me; Saving the children
is the only way to get everyone home.
No!
We are trying to finish what she started!
No! No. you listen to me.
You may think you're helping people.
You may think you're smart
enough to get everyone home.
but I promise you.
the only thing you will cause is pain.
You cannot save dead things!
No matter how fucking smart
you think you are.
Hey.
Give him some time.
He'll come around.
We got things to do.
Yeah.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Julie. I can smell it through the window.
It just it helps me process things.
Okay?
Seriously?
After everything you told us last night.
this is what you're gonna hang up on?
Do you want Ethan to see this?
See what?
Nothing. nothing.
So. is Victor my brother now?
What?
Well. if you're Miranda.
then wouldn't that make
me and Victor brothers?
It's not real. Ethan.
What?
Look. Mom. I know you and Jade
think that you've unlocked
this big mystery about this place but...
it's not real.
This place doesn't give us real.
It gives us fucked-up. twisted ideas.
Okay. okay. Julie. listen to me.
If I had any doubt. about anything.
I wouldn't have said anything.
Jade and Boyd wouldn't have
told everyone at Colony House.
- They told people?
- Yes!
- Are you insane?
- This is how we could go home!
Mom! I wish people would just
stop with that shit.
Where are you going?
Somewhere Ethan won't see.
- What does that mean?
- Nothing. Julie!
What?
I need to know you're okay.
I'm not okay.
But I'm not gonna hurt myself.
So...
Victor's here.
Hello.
Hi. Victor.
I need I need to find out
about the man in yellow.
That means that I have to do
something scary.
Will you please come with me?
I'm saying we got one shot at this.
So we need to ask every
question we can think of
and then we need to ask them again.
So. beside the three of us.
who's been in the tunnels?
Victor for sure.
Tabitha. when the house collapsed.
Great. That's a start.
We need all the info we can
get on the layout.
Map it. sketch it
whatever you need to do.
I don't care.
I wanna know every entrance
and every exit to that chamber.
how long we need to dig.
and then we figure out how
not to get ourselves killed.
Right? Talk to Randall.
About what?
He spent a lot of time on the bus
watching those things come
out of the woods at night.
So. we need to get as much intel
as we can on their behaviors.
their patterns at the very
least a headcount.
All right. if we're going into the nest.
I wanna know exactly how many
we're dealing with. Right.
This place isn't gonna make
it easy. you know.
Once we push.
it's gonna push back hard.
Yeah. I got an idea about that. so...
What's wrong with your hand?
Nothing. nothing.
Look. we just told everybody out there
some genuinely fucked-up shit.
The longer they get to stew on
it. the greater the chance
somebody gets in their head
to do something stupid.
So. we need to do this smart.
but we gotta do it fast.
Let's get to work.
Yes. sir.
Simpler times?
That wasn't just busy work you gave me?
No.
I was hoping you might find
something useful
about Tabitha and Jade.
You really think that they've been.
Look. I We're talking
about reincarnation here. okay?
That's a whole different - Yeah...
Yeah.
Look. if you're going down into
those tunnels.
you're gonna need help.
Yes. I am. And you and me.
we're gonna talk about that
when the time comes.
But right now. I need you back
in that basement.
No. Boyd. I gotta.
You know. this is not just not just you.
We need a whole team down there.
And we need a second team at
the diner in the storerooms.
Looking for what?
Anything you can tell me about
a man in a yellow suit.
A man.
Who the fuck is that?
Yeah. I'm hoping something that
you find might tell me.
You sure you're not just
looking for something
to keep everyone's minds off of
how fucking crazy this is?
Listen. if we're gonna do this.
we need to know exactly what is
out there waiting for us.
Is that all you can give me?
A man in a yellow suit?
We know that he was here
in the late '70s.
When Victor was a kid.
That's a start. I guess.
Simpler times.
Yeah.
How's she doing?
Cognitively. she seems fine.
As far as any damage. I got
the ultrasound from the clinic.
And?
I didn't see anything catastrophic.
but without a CT or an MRI... yeah.
the hard part is just gonna be
getting her to take it easy.
Yeah.
- Well. you can go see her.
- Kristi!
- What?
- What? Come on.
You should've told me
about Jade and Tabitha.
We're supposed to be in this together.
No. yeah. We are. We are.
But We are.
We are.
- How are you feeling?
- I'm good.
- And the tremors?
- I'm dealing with them.
Still seeing things that aren't there?
No. No. just the one time.
You've got a lot of people's
lives in your hands. Boyd.
Yeah.
Come to the clinic.
I wanna do an exam.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey.
How you feeling?
Better than you look.
Maybe you should be the one lying here.
Yeah. maybe.
Heard you had a big meeting downstairs.
Yes. we did.
So you thought it would be a good idea
to gather up a house full of
emotionally unstable people
and spend the night talking
about reincarnation
and the bones of dead children.
- I didn't have a choice.
- Right.
Because you took a fucking
sledgehammer to my wall.
That door something we should
worry about?
No. we tried to open it; It's sealed.
Jade said it leads to the tunnels.
so we put an extra talisman
on it just to be safe.
You bury Roger yet?
He's still in the shed.
Jesus. Boyd.
We need to pick a new spot.
- For what?
- For burying people!
The cemetery The cemetery's full.
We were pushing it with Jim
and the pastor.
Got any more good news
you wanna bring me?
Look.
I need you to tell me everything you can
about those totems you brought
back from the settlement.
The one Tabitha used to kill that doll.
I told you everything already.
Tell me again.
Why?
Because tonight I'm gonna find
out if they work
on those things
that come out of the woods.
That's a fucking terrible idea.
Let's say you actually kill one
of those things.
Apparently. they don't even stay dead.
You ready to risk another one
of our people
going through what Fatima
just went through?
What I want is to keep our
people safe in those tunnels.
So. let's just deal with one
problem at a time.
Okay?
Okay. so I need three people with Elgin
to go through the storeroom
at the diner and then
the rest of you are gonna be
in the basement with me.
And. remember. be quick
but be thorough. okay?
We got this.
You're gonna go with him.
Sir. you're over here.
What are you doing in here?
Did you know anything about him?
About Roger?
Yeah.
Gardening.
Yeah. just about every
conversation we had
was about his... his garden back home.
My mom used to tell me that
when people die.
they just go somewhere else.
She didn't really believe in
heaven or hell;
she just believed
that death was a transition
to another place we
couldn't see from here.
I remember how much comfort
that brought me
when she passed away.
But whatever that place is.
Roger doesn't get to go.
Because he's still here.
They're all still here.
Whatever they're doing to find
those bones. we need to help.
Look. so we know
they tend to spread out
down the street. right?
And according to Randall.
they've got patterns;
some of them have nightly rituals
and we can use that.
So. say we catch one of them right here.
Right. we aim fast and dirty. turn around.
head right back into the station.
- Right?
- Sure.
And even even if
even if the station is blocked.
we got plenty of exit routes
all up and down the street.
'Kay. and what if something goes wrong?
Then we improvise.
Look. those things are used to
us cowering inside our houses.
locking the doors. lowering the blinds.
trying to ignore them.
The last thing they expect
is for one of us to head straight at them.
The bottom line is.
these things can hurt them.
slow them down even.
That's gonna make going down
into those tunnels a whole lot safer.
Okay. and who's gonna
be the one running out here
with that thing?
I am.
Hello?
Anyone home?
Tabitha?
I need to talk to you.
Hello?
Is that the car the man in
the yellow suit came here in?
Yeah.
So. what kind of clues are we
looking for?
I don't know.
Let's start with the trunk.
That's not that scary.
Is that Miranda's car?
Yeah.
Can we go inside?
No. honey. I don't think it's a good idea.
Why not?
Mom?
We should go.
Did you find something?
We have to go. We have to go right now!
Victor. what did you find?
A bag of teeth.
- A what?
- There was.
Here. you should see them. Here!
No. no!
No. he needs to be prepared.
Okay. wait. Prepared for what?
He has to be. because - Wait!
Are you really my mother?
Victor - Don't you see?
Don't Did You came to town last time.
You brought a boy and a girl.
and the man in yellow showed up.
Everyone died. but not the boy!
The boy lived.
And he grew up alone and afraid.
And he wasn't prepared.
And now you're here with a boy
and a girl again.
and the man in yellow is back.
- Mom. what does that mean?
- No. it's fine.
- You have to be prepared. Ethan.
- Hey. Victor.
- You have to know what's coming.
- No. Victor.
You need to stop! Stop it! Stop it! Ethan!
What's wrong with you?
Ethan!
Hey. Come in.
Sorry. I didn't mean to bother you.
No. no. No bother at all.
What can I do for you?
It's just...
I was thinking about what you
said earlier this morning.
About About going down
into those tunnels
to dig up those bones.
Isn't that dangerous?
Well. yeah.
Yeah. it is.
But it could also be
what helps us get home.
How?
Well. we're not quite clear on that yet.
But those things that come out at night.
people people say that they
live in those tunnels.
That's right. yeah.
So. if those bones are
important. it's not like
they're just gonna let you go
down there and take them.
No. they're not. But...
it turns out. we might have
a new card to play.
Remember this morning when I said that
Tabitha used one of these to kill that doll
out by the settlement?
Yeah.
Well. tonight. we're gonna see
what they do to those things
that come out of the woods.
Really?
Is there a reason we can't just
draw a map of the tunnels?
I work better spatially.
It's a technique I used when
I was designing my company.
All right? If you visualize the dimension
of what you're tryin' to create. right.
the space you want to move through.
it helps create a more accurate.
Yeah. we're not exactly
designing a company. Right?
It doesn't matter.
You apply the principles
of what you know.
Okay.
Wait! What did you do before
you got here?
- What?
- Before you came to town.
What did you do? What was your job?
Can we please just focus?
Come on. you know what I did.
Yes. Yes. I know what you did.
Everyone knows what you did.
because...
you never shut the fuck up about it.
If I guess. will you tell me if I'm right?
- No.
- Firefighter.
- Manager at a retail store.
Why Why are those your
first two guesses?
Well. I.
That's a lot of wires.
Yeah. we're kind of in the middle of...
Well. don't let me stop you.
What do you think Kenny did
before he got here?
Okay. I worked in youth sports.
- You were a coach?
- No. I was an administrator.
- Coach Kenny. I like that.
- No. Stop.
can we just focus on the maps.
Hey.
- How's it going?
- Kenny was a coach.
My God.
We gotta get you a whistle.
Great. hey. Kenny.
can I talk to you outside?
Yeah.
Hey. Henry. What'd you do
before you got here?
Pretty much what I'm doing right now.
I'll be there in a second.
Hi.
What are you guys doing?
We're just going through
some stuff in the storeroom.
Mind if I sit?
Okay.
I never got the chance to say
how sorry I was about your dad.
How's your eye?
I mean - I know what you mean.
Kristi says it's healing pretty good.
You gonna tell me what happened?
No.
So. I guess you heard about my mom.
Do you think it's true?
She thinks it is.
And that scares the shit out of me.
But why?
'Cause every time someone here feels
like they have a purpose.
or that they've discovered the truth.
somebody always ends up dead.
But there is a truth here.
- I mean. there has to be.
- Why?
Why can't this whole place just be some
random fucking cruelty that
exists for no reason
other than to do exactly what it's doing?
Look. I know you wanna believe
that this is all
some part of God's fucked-up plan
- I do.
- Okay. great.
so explain to me
why you don't have an eye.
We are all being tested.
So. part of your test is getting mutilated?
Sorry...
I'm an asshole.
There is a truth behind all of this.
But you know how this place wins?
It's by throwing so many lies at you
that you don't believe the truth
even when it's staring you
right in the face.
It isn't right what you're doing. you know.
So you said.
Yeah. filling people's heads
with nonsense.
I mean. telling my son that his mother is
well. it isn't right.
Have you talked to Tabitha yet?
Have I talked to the woman you
claim is a reincarnation
of my dead wife?
No. I haven't had the chance.
She was out earlier when I stopped by.
You know maybe if you cut
down a little on the.
What? What is it?
Do you hear that?
He's back.
Henry. blink twice if you can hear me.
V
Dad?
Wha?
Dad. Dad.
Hi.
V - Dad. Stay with me.
Henry!
Henry.
Hey. Henry. What is it?
What just happened?
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
I need to go.
Let me do it.
What?
Let me be the one to go outside.
No. look. you've done enough.
I just need to make sure that
people are standing by their
doors to let me in.
Just in case things go sideways.
I killed my brother.
I tried to murder a little boy.
Nothing I do will ever be enough.
Well. tonight is your night off.
We go down into those tunnels.
that's when I'll need you.
Be careful. Boyd.
You just make sure you're
standing by that door. okay?
It's time to play.
Okay.
Nice.
Hey. Hey. What are you doing?
Yoga. The fuck does it look
like I'm doing?
Let's get back in bed.
Please.
Okay.
Driving me fuckin' insane.
What are you even doing down here?
I thought you were upstairs
working on that project of yours.
We're a little short-handed.
Ellis and Kenny
are helping Boyd in town.
Right.
I can't just fucking lay here anymore.
Okay. well you have to.
At least for now.
I'm sorry.
No. you're not.
Your bedside manner sucks.
Donna. if this thing
with Jade and Tabitha.
if that's real. after
everything you've survived here.
you really wanna die right
before we all get to go home
because you were too stubborn
to lay in bed for a minute?
You never used to be this sassy.
Yeah. well. I gave birth
to a fucking monster. so.
people change.
Yeah. they do.
You're staying here tonight?
Is Is that okay?
I. I heard what Boyd was
planning in town
and I would just rather
not be down there tonight.
Those creatures terrify me.
Well. you're not alone.
Welcome to Colony House.
Thank you.
Hey. he tell you the plan?
Yeah.
All right. I talked to
everybody in all the houses.
- We're all set.
- Okay.
Let's get ready.
All right.
I figure we'll give 'em an hour
or so after nightfall.
Let 'em get settled out there.
Make 'em think it's just a normal night.
Dad.
What's goin' on?
I should be the one to go out
there tonight.
What? No.
Hey. look. it makes more sense.
Why?
I'm your second.
Right? I'm your second now.
and these are the things
that I'm supposed to do so you
don't have to. That's why.
No. I appreciate it.
but it's my plan. my risk.
Dad. what if something goes wrong?
We can't afford to lose you here.
So we can afford to lose Kenny?
That's not what he's saying.
You know that.
Listen. we're not having
this conversation.
Dad
I am not having this conversation!
Dad. you can't fuckin' do it!
Look. it's not safe for you to go out there.
Not in your condition.
My.
Okay. what happens. what if
your leg gives out?
Like last time? What if you
can't get back up this time?
Listen to me very carefully.
Both of you. listen!
I'm not sending anyone out
there and risk their life
while I sit in here like a
fucking. stop it!
Goddammit! Stop it!
Dad. please?
Please.
We've got a few more coming.
Where?
Right there.
You see 'em?
Yeah. I got 'em.
Look. you remember:
if you can't make it back into the station.
you got escape routes
up and down the street.
Every house has got somebody
waiting at the door for you.
And if you can't make it
to one of those houses.
we got talismans on the church. the bus.
the diner. and the barn.
So you find the safest route you
can and. hey. you run.
I got it.
Kenny. look at me.
I'll be okay.
All right.
Okay. Okay.
Hey. we got one or two
more coming up the road.
Yeah. I think we got one.
Still too far. Wait till he's closer.
Boyd. that's close enough!
Okay. Okay. the rest of
them are spread out.
It's a good time; Let's go!
Hey. I'm ready.
Fast and dirty.
You stab. you run.
Don't wait to see what happens.
You ready?
- Yeah.
- Three. two...
- I think it worked!
- All right. Come on.
Just kidding.
Get outta there!
Dad. they're blocking the doors!
No!
This isn't going very well. is it?
I think you have a problem. Kenny.
No.
I killed your father. you know.
He made such funny noises.
No. No. No. No.
Do you make funny noises?
Stop!
The door! The door!
Roger! Please don't do this!
I know you're in there!
I know you're still inside!
I know you're still in there!
What the fuck just happened?!
What just happened?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm